Placeholders (#343)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/merchants/get-started/experiments.mdx

You can use the Experimentation plugin to test different UI label variations in your storefront. This allows you to experiment with the labels used by drop-in components to determine which versions perform best.

> To include label changes in your experiment, create a variant **placeholders file**, which defines the localized labels used by drop-in components. Update the metadata block of the variant page to reference the path to the variant file. The variant placeholders file will load on the page and any overlapping keys will override the existing placeholders, making it perfect for experiments where you want to test different label variations. The Experimentation plugin tracks the performance of each variant, helping you identify which labels and text drive better results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include labels in your experiment by creating a variant placeholder file, then referencing the variant placeholder in the metadata on the variant page. Any overlapping keys in the variant placeholders file will override the existing placeholders, making it ideal for experiments with different label variations. Using the Experimentation plugin, you can track the performance of each variant to identify which labels and texts are most effective.
```

<Task>
### Create a variant placeholders file

> Create a new variant placeholders JSON file and include only the labels you want to override. The storefront will load this file on the page and any overlapping keys will override the original placeholders. The variant placeholders file should include the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new variant placeholders JSON file that only contains the labels you wish to override. When this file is loaded on the storefront, any overlapping keys will replace the original placeholder keys. The variant placeholders file should include the following structure:
```
